DOC-2429 release/7.2: Update Type Functions page (#2950)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/typefun.adoc

> = Type Functions

Reviewer: This was correct as it was.

```suggestion
= Type Functions
:description: Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.
```

:page-topic-type: concept

> 

Reviewer: This was correct as it was.

```suggestion

[abstract]
{description}

```

=== Description

> Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.

Reviewer: This was correct as it was.

```suggestion
Checks if the supplied expression is an array.
```

=== Description

> Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the supplied expression is a Boolean, number, or string.
```

=== Arguments

expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

=== Return Value

Returns True if expression is a Boolean, number, or string, otherwise returns MISSING, NULL or false.

> === Examples

Reviewer: The result of the example is still wrong. Look at the description of this function: we would expect that it will return `true` for `boolean`, `number`, and `string`; `null` for `null`; and `false` for `array` and `object`.

=== Description

> Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the supplied expression is a Boolean.
```

=== Arguments

expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

=== Return Value

Returns True if expression is a Boolean, otherwise returns MISSING, NULL or false.

> === Examples

Reviewer: The result of the example is still wrong. Look at the description of this function: we would expect that it will return `true` for `boolean`; `null` for `null`; and `false` for everything else.

=== Description

> Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the supplied expression is a number.
```

=== Arguments

expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

=== Return Value

Returns True if expression is a number, otherwise returns MISSING, NULL or false.

> === Examples

Reviewer: The result of the example is still wrong. Look at the description of this function: we would expect that it will return `true` for `number`; `null` for `null`; and `false` for everything else.

=== Description

> Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the supplied expression is an object.
```

=== Arguments

expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

=== Return Value

Returns True if expression is an object, otherwise returns MISSING, NULL or false.

> === Examples

Reviewer: The result of the example is still wrong. Look at the description of this function: we would expect that it will return `true` for `object`; `null` for `null`; and `false` for everything else.

=== Description

> Type functions perform operations that check or convert expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the supplied expression is a string.
```

=== Arguments

expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

=== Return Value

Returns True if expression is a string, otherwise returns MISSING, NULL or false.

> === Examples

Reviewer: The result of the example is still wrong. Look at the description of this function: we would expect that it will return `true` for `string`; `null` for `null`; and `false` for everything else.

----
[
  {
    "array": "array",
    "boolean": "boolean",
    "missing": "missing",
    "null": "null",
    "number": "number",
    "object": "object",
    "string": "string"
  }
]
----
====

== TOARRAY(expression)

=== Description

> The following converts the supplied expression to a (data type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts the supplied expression to an array.
```

=== Arguments

> expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expression:: [Required] The expression to convert.
```

----
[
  {
    "array": "array",
    "boolean": "boolean",

>     "missing": "missing",

Reviewer: We would expect missing to be ... missing

```suggestion
```

* Arrays are themselves.
* All other values are wrapped in an array.

== TOATOM(expression)

=== Description

> The following converts the supplied expression to a (data type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts the supplied expression to Boolean, number, or string.
```

=== Arguments

> expression:: [Required] The expression to check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expression:: [Required] The expression to convert.
```

* Booleans, numbers, and strings are themselves.
* All other values are NULL.

== TOBOOLEAN(expression)

=== Description

> The following converts the supplied expression to a (data type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts the supplied expression to a Boolean.
```

* Empty strings, arrays, and objects are false.
* All other values are true.

== TONUMBER(expression)

=== Description

> The following converts the supplied expression to a (data type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts the supplied expression to a number.
```

* Strings that parse as numbers are those numbers.
* All other values are NULL.

== TOOBJECT(expression)

=== Description

> The following converts the supplied expression to a (data type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts the supplied expression to an object.
```

* Objects are themselves.
* All other values are the empty object.

== TOSTRING(expression)

=== Description

> The following converts the supplied expression to a (data type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts the supplied expression to a string.
```
